Sign1
Welcome to     ”Half-Blood”     a JRPG game made by Joakim Schmidt, Robin Punell and Jesper Kjellqvist. The objective of the game is to collect enough gear so that you might beat the final boss. Explore the map to find the equipment you need. Have fun!
Sign2
This is the land of Transylvania, you have returned home after several years of solitude and training in the mountains to the far east. The land has changed, there’s something foul in the air, the vampires has returned. Centuries ago the they were driven out of Transylvania by the Knights of the Square Table, an ancient order of Transylvanian knights who swore to defend the lands against all forms of half-breed. But as the years passed, and half-breeds were nowhere to be seen, the order of these gallant knights withdrew from Transylvania. The stories of these brave knights and the half-breed incursion became nothing more than a myth. You are one of the last knights of the square table, and your missions is to drive the half-breed out of Transylvania once and for all, to do this you must face Dracula. Dracula is the incarnation of evil, he wishes more than anything to end the reign of men, you have to stop him. Raise your sword and sally forth, your destiny awaits, knight! 
Sign3
Controls: Move: Directonial buttons  Inventory: I  Menu: Esc  Close this window: Space Tip: Don't forget to equip your items! 
Sign4
The castle ahead is Bran Castle, the home of Dracula. The clouds ahead are dark, bats swarm above the castle, you can hear the laughter of the vampires from inside. You shouldn't enter until you're prepared to meet him, this will be the thoughest fight of your life! 
Sign5
This town is abandoned, the people of Transylvania has either fled the lands, locked themselves in their houses or been turned into half-breed. 
Sign6
This was your old house, once a place of music and people, now a shadow of its past, broken and quiet. The only thing that is left is your mothers wooden cross
Sign7
The old man of the woods used to live here, there's a rumor about a sword so powerful that even the eldest in the order couldn't wield it. It's said that it's hidden in the woods on the other side of these mountains. 
Sign8
This is the old mansion where the order of knights used to have their meeting at the table. Nothing is left, only a broken down old house, looted years ago. There's a silver ring lying in there, probably a knights old ring, it contains strange powers within.
Sign9
A abandoned town, an eerie silence hangs over this place, you should move on! 